RHDEVDOCS-5238: pipelines-as-code configuration and token scoping (#60197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-running-pipeline-run-using-pipelines-as-code.adoc

[discrete]
.Pipeline run execution

> A pipeline run always runs in the namespace of the `Repository` custom resource definition (CRD) associated with the repository that generated the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pipeline run always runs in the namespace of the `Repository` custom resource (CR) associated with the repository that generated the event.
```

Author: Same here - its a part of the existing doc and no scope for review
